feat(serverless): define ips ranges (#1568)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/serverless-functions.mdx

Build errors are sent to the Observability platform on Scaleway Cockpit. You need to [activate your Cockpit](/observability/cockpit/how-to/activate-cockpit/) to read build logs.

In the `Serverless Functions Logs` dashboard, you will then be able to read information about your log build outputs, if errors occurred during compilation.

## Can I allowlist the IPs of my functions?

> Some services needs to filter IPs for example databases. Serverless Functions does not support Virtual Private Networks yet but you can use Scaleway IP Ranges definied here: http://as12876.net/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some services need to filter IPs for example databases. Serverless Functions does not support Virtual Private Networks yet but you can use the Scaleway IP Ranges defined in the following link: [http://as12876.net/](http://as12876.net/).
```
